Propose values we commit to (#354)
haskell/core-libraries-committee: README.md

as they may affect the voting. While it's up to the proposer on how much they engage in
alternative design discussions, we consider these vital to the proposal process.

## Our values

These are the qualities and principles that we try to informally commit to when making decisions
and handling contributions.

### Good engineering

Since `base` is the standard library of Haskell we believe that proposed changes need extra
scrutiny and careful consideration. Our main objective is to assess whether a design is technically
sound and the trade-offs are something we can commit to.

This sometimes requires lengthy discussions, experiments and additional proof of correctness.

### Open collaboration

Anyone in the community is welcome to participate in the proposal process, regardless of their background
or opinions, as long as they follow [proper etiquette](#etiquette).

We believe that the only way to maintain such a central piece of software is to be as welcoming as possible
to collaboration and new ideas, no matter where they come from, and to provide a smooth and predictable

> contribution experience.

Author: Why do you think the language needs weakening?

> contribution experience.

Reviewer: I think the language is actually slightly stronger - the main change is that the suggestion includes "We seek to assess the ideas only on their merits," which would advise against using a proposer's identity or unrelated opinions to assess a contribution.

Grammatically, the suggestion isn't quite right. A semicolon separates two independent clauses, but it's used more like a parenthetical or comma here.

> We seek to assess the ideas only on their merits, no matter where they come, and to provide...

> contribution experience.

Reviewer 2: I just thought that saying `the only way` is too much. There are likely several ways, we just think that this is a good way.

### Truth seeking

> During difficult discussions we commit to finding the truth.

Author: I'm not trying to convey that there's always a singular truth (good decision) behind a proposal, but that there are certainly details and technicalities during proposals where we can assign boolean truth values to certain statements. 

And we need a culture where we can find those out quickly and efficiently.

Hierarchy, status, bias etc can sometimes make this more difficult. 

As such I find "truth seeking" to be an appropriate principle.

> During difficult discussions we commit to finding the truth.

Reviewer 3: > Yes, all subjective experiences are truths when fully qualified, but there's an important difference between the opinion/judgment "This is bad" and the truth "I don't like this." Even if we're only using this to qualify our subjective experiences sufficiently to count as a factual statement instead of an opinion or judgment, that's extremely valuable to producing good discussion.

That sounds like a reasonable approach, but we should say that explicitly. I didn't get this sense from talk about pursuing truth.

Perhaps 
```suggestion
During difficult discussions, we commit to being led by objective facts as far as possible rather than our subjective feelings.
```
Something like that?
